friends how are you I hope you are well
and if they are not going to be happy because they
You can find an application that they
will allow making calls
completely free to any
telephone company I am Mexican live
in Mexico obviously so he has
worked perfectly for any
telephone company of mexico and good
let's see how it works first that
nothing we should know that the number of
this application is bobsled and we can
find completely free in the
appstore second this application for
able to do it you need to use your
facebook to connect or what
otherwise register me and me
register they gave me a number of
activation that arrives to your mail
electronic and later they can
keep using it the second thing there
what to know is that this application is not
available for everyone only
for some countries this side told him
I leave a list of countries for
which is available
The advantage is that Mexico works
perfectly as I had already told you and
now we are going to start seeing what
does this application and how does the
number to be a tag in the
flag of the USA that is why he lives
usually and selective of our
country in this case I will select Mexico
we are going to click on done and we
will offer an initialization +52 for
put the number we have to add the
which would be 55 in the area where I live
and then add the number this
in case the call is local 55
plus the number
very good now if the call we're going to
to do is to a cell phone in this case
we have to add the 0 44 sorry
correct here is 0 44 and the number
rain call a friend to try
I hope you answer us we exist in your
home but I want you to listen
very well
044 I will put your number
A) Yes
and use clicking apparently good code
he had a small mistake because he tells me that
the microphone is not connected maybe it's
a normal error let him correct and I
he came back
very good friends already corrects the error and
here we are back now I am going to
select mexico again and I'm going to
put back the phone number of
my friend that I am going to call you so that
see that this works
very well let's click on code or on
the green line and we will look like this
let's see the indicator to the number of the
that we are calling the time that
we take a call a button to
mute that is called newt other
press and spyker that is to upload
automatically the strongest volume and
another to end the call we will see
also that there says that we can
connect our hearing aids for a
better experience on the call and from that
is how I have it, besides that
I'm proposing a ipod touch 2g
which is the version that already has a microphone
so they can see that it works from the
older version up to the most
new good I did not answer a friend I'm going
to end the call, however,
I can make the call that in my house
because I'm doing this video and it
too late and the phone if it rings because
people are going to scare and apart right now
I have no mobile phone pérez
cellular so
so they do not say that I'm going to
leave like this without knowing that close
because that's how it works, you should leave a link
from a channel where I saw this application
next with the computer now the
pledge very well I leave here the link to
channel where they will be able to see
completely
this this application working also
so for us to help each other
community that can give us visit the
videos but if this application
this is what it does and well also if
they want some tutor to envelope windows 8
as you can see I already have windows 8
Well, if you can not say in addition
that I have a very good proposal and
is to win a videogame tournament
online from japan in any of its
rivals and the winner can take a
award directly to your home some
product boxes utility for could do
and well this is all friends I hope that
you liked it a lot
application and good visit the channel
the girl that showed me my
good apps where I saw this
application and the airplane running
a whole